Update agent docs for v3.44 release (#1902)
buildkite/docs: pages/agent/v3/help/_bootstrap.md

<tr id="git-clone-flags"><th><code>--git-clone-flags value</code> <a class="Docs__attribute__link" href="#git-clone-flags">#</a></th><td><p>Flags to pass to "git clone" command (default: "-v")<br /><strong>Environment variable</strong>: <code>$BUILDKITE_GIT_CLONE_FLAGS</code></p></td></tr>
<tr id="git-clone-mirror-flags"><th><code>--git-clone-mirror-flags value</code> <a class="Docs__attribute__link" href="#git-clone-mirror-flags">#</a></th><td><p>Flags to pass to "git clone" command when mirroring (default: "-v")<br /><strong>Environment variable</strong>: <code>$BUILDKITE_GIT_CLONE_MIRROR_FLAGS</code></p></td></tr>
<tr id="git-clean-flags"><th><code>--git-clean-flags value</code> <a class="Docs__attribute__link" href="#git-clean-flags">#</a></th><td><p>Flags to pass to "git clean" command (default: "-ffxdq")<br /><strong>Environment variable</strong>: <code>$BUILDKITE_GIT_CLEAN_FLAGS</code></p></td></tr>
<tr id="git-fetch-flags"><th><code>--git-fetch-flags value</code> <a class="Docs__attribute__link" href="#git-fetch-flags">#</a></th><td><p>Flags to pass to "git fetch" command<br /><strong>Environment variable</strong>: <code>$BUILDKITE_GIT_FETCH_FLAGS</code></p></td></tr>

> <tr id="git-submodule-clone-config"><th><code>--git-submodule-clone-config value</code> <a class="Docs__attribute__link" href="#git-submodule-clone-config">#</a></th><td><p>Comma separated key=value git config pairs applied before git submodule clone commands, e.g. <code>update --init</code>. If the config is needed to be applied to all git commands, supply it in a global git config file for the system that the agent runs in instead.<br /><strong>Environment variable</strong>: <code>$BUILDKITE_GIT_SUBMODULE_CLONE_CONFIG</code></p></td></tr>

Reviewer: Nitpick while you're here: It's best to avoid "e.g." and "i.e." because people confuse them.

```suggestion
<tr id="git-submodule-clone-config"><th><code>--git-submodule-clone-config value</code> <a class="Docs__attribute__link" href="#git-submodule-clone-config">#</a></th><td><p>Comma separated key=value git config pairs applied before git submodule clone commands. For example, <code>update --init</code>. If the config is needed to be applied to all git commands, supply it in a global git config file for the system that the agent runs in instead.<br /><strong>Environment variable</strong>: <code>$BUILDKITE_GIT_SUBMODULE_CLONE_CONFIG</code></p></td></tr>
```
